# Kudus-A.-Raji
Config files for my GitHub profile.



As a skilled Data Analyst, I have a passion for data analysis and a proven ability to leverage data to solve complex business problems. With expertise in Data collection, Data analysis, Data management, Statistical Modeling, Data Visualization, and Data Modeling. I am able to effectively translate complex data into actionable insights through effective visualization, analytics, and interpretation that inform decision-making. Proficient in a range of programming languages and tools including R, Python, Power BI, SQL, and ArcGIS. I have the technical knowledge necessary to extract meaningful information from large data sets. My ability to collaborate with cross-functional teams and communicate findings in a clear and concise manner enables me to drive change and make an impact within organizations. I have a passion for continuous learning and staying up-to-date with emerging trends in the field. In my spare time, I enjoy participating in online communities and attending industry conferences, and podcasts, and taking development courses to stay current with new tools and techniques in data analysis. I do enjoy participating in data-related hackathons and competitions, which allow me to utilize my skills and collaborate with other professionals in various fields. Some of my measurable achievements as a data analyst include leading successful projects that resulted in cost savings, time-saving, increased effective results, and improved operational efficiency for my previous employers and during my undergraduate. I am particularly proud of my ability to identify and resolve data quality issues, which has resulted in higher-quality insights and more accurate decision-making. I developed Python and R scripts that automated time consuming data processing, saving several hours of manual labor.
